C#: Replace "falsy" with "false" in C# "is" doc (#6733)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/c_sharp/c_sharp_features.rst

To check if the node can be cast to Sprite2D, you can use the ``is`` operator.
The ``is`` operator returns false if the node cannot be cast to Sprite2D,

> otherwise it returns true. Note that using the ``is`` operator against ``null``
> always returns ``false``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
otherwise it returns true. Note that when the ``is`` operator is used against ``null``
the result is always going to be ``false``.
```
